fix: UI mobile stretched beyond screen size [4163] (#4425)
tinacms/tinacms: .changeset/strange-shoes-relate.md

---
'tinacms': patch
---

> Fixed Content creation UI on mobile is starched beyond the screen size by change the style from flex-1 to w-full, then added dynamic top padding so it doesn't conflict with hamburger menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix for issue where content creation UI on mobile is stretched beyond the screen size by changing the style from flex-1 to w-full and then adding dynamic top padding so it doesn't conflict with hamburger menu
```
